Black History Month Katie sixes I was a
bit let down with the overall bhm series
this year and the all-star game series
there's pieces that I like but not
overall impressed i think the hype and
the marketing is taken over too much
there's a purple PE that i know a friend
of mine fellow HS k member is about pick
up that is just fire if they would have
released that i would have jumped all
over it I like the gold touch and I like
the fact that all of the 3m brings out
details yet still this was the only one
that I really cared for that much the
purple is nice a very royal color the
purple and the gold works very well
still not a fan of the kt6 overall does
that burrito effect shout out there he
started that and he's right
but some of them i will pick up and that
on pearl is on decadence in my sights
first soon as I get back from all-star
that's going to be a sick shoe these not
too shabby get over all a bit on the
weak side let's light about so we can
see that there's a lot of good stuff in
here with the reflective effect yet not
overpowering it definitely makes them a
better shoe what the lights on I like
the reflectivity in the strings as well
that was for all the people that hate it
when i say strings rather than laces see
I can still do what I want cuz they're
my shoes and I've been buying and
wearing tennis shoes since they were
called strings literally now that that's
out of the way much better with the
lights on in my opinion I would like to
have seen them work on the colors and
have them sitting just like this without
having to turn the lights on rather than
leaving the darker purple to have to hit
them with some bright to bring out the
good effect
still a bit weak like I said this year
just my opinion in all the years past
it's becoming a little bit too
commercial now as opposed to when the
first ones were out there and weren't
even released and it was tough to get
the nature of the game today but it
changes change into the popularity side
trying to milk it for everything it's
worth the American Way what can I say
corporate loves it lights out and to me
they just to look a little bit more dull
with the lights out little too purple
little too dark either way probably the
best of the basketball releases in this
year's bhm series just my opinion as
always you can find me here Sam Colt 12
gmail com also good good shoes calm
where i'm selling my extras and others
from the collection over the next few
years instagram twitter all over the
place thanks to everybody who's bought
from good shoes calm they are shoes for
my collection they are dead stock unless
i would mention differently and they are
absolutely legitimate best way to reach
me for comics and concerns gmail the bhm
series this year katie sixes to me the
best of the pack as far as basketball
shoes go not too bad
you